NARRATOR: Previously
on  Dawson's Creek...
JEN:
I'm always up for a good party.
Why don't we pick it up
from "God's promise
and warning"?
Pacey, uh, you got a...
I got an "A".
I got an "A", Andie,
and I'm falling hopelessly
in love with you, Andie.
You were with Jack,
you moved on, and you let go.
So now I, in turn,
am letting you go.
Dawson, is clearly over me.
I promise.
Just as long as you're over him,
nothing else matters.
PACEY: I can't believe
you made this whole thing
by yourself.
Congratulations, Jack.
Thanks.
I'm not completely done, though.
I mean, I still have this
whole back section to paint.
So I'm truly impressed
and-- and grateful.
I'm still a little unclear
though as to
why you wanted this.
You're not going to
blow it up or anything, are ya?
No. No. There's
no asteroid in my movie.
It's for aerial shots,
establishing.
Just get the right lens
and the right light,
and you've got the perfect,
quaint Creekside village.
It's amazing what a little
camera trickery can do.
Well,
if you guys will excuse me,
I have a ton of homework
to do, including
Peterson's assignment,
which I haven't
even started yet.
Yeah. I haven't either.
Pacey Witter is leaving
early to do homework.
Ha! It's slightly
less believable than
an Enquirer  headline.
Oh, yeah.
It's a disgusting habit.
Ha!
All right. Well, thanks,
guys, I'll see you later.
No. I can stay.
But I'm just gonna
do a test shot.
No. It's ok. I'd like to see it.
It's all right.
Ok. Cool.
Well, ta-ta, gents.
Don't stay up too late,
you know? It is a school night.
Speaking as his closest friend,
your sister has had quite
a profound influence on him.
Yeah, well,
relationships will do that.
Yeah.
Sorry. I didn't mean that
the way that came out.
Look, Jack--
This hasn't exactly been
the easiest situation
for either of us,
but your help
on this film has been
so significant,
- I just...
- JACK: So we're cool?
Yeah.
So what's this Peterson
assignment about?
Ah, a poem.
He wants us to write
about something that's
critical to our being.
Whatever. It's just
another assignment
I'm gonna screw up.
It's a poem.
It can't be that hard.
I read your script.
You're the expert writer here.
Any advice as to how
to get to the good stuff?
Um... Listen to yourself.
Writing's about
opening up, you know?
It's a chance to offer the world
a peek at that very private
part of yourself
-that you otherwise just stifle.
-JACK: So just listen to myself?
Yeah. I mean...
You never know
what you'll hear.
Could you do me a favor
and hit the lights?
Oh, yeah.
And there it is...
It's your perfect
Creekside village.
♪ [THEME MUSIC PLAYS] ♪
MR. MILO: Pacey!
Mr. Milo. Now,
before you say anything,
I want you to know
I have the situation
under complete control.
And what situation is that?
Well, whichever of my
academic improprieties
you were about
to make me aware of.
"Improprieties"
is the wrong word.
Try "kudos."
I just received
the midterm reports
for all of the students
on academic watch,
and after removing
my jaw from the floor,
I came to see you.
You posted three Bs, two As.
What? That's impossible.
One would think so.
You know, I don't think
I've ever seen you
smile before, Mr. Milo.
I'm liking this.
The smiling thing,
I definitely like.
Well, you just
keep up the good work,
Mr. Witter.
Yes!
- [ANDIE SQUEALS]
- Hey, lady!
- Mm. What was that for?
- Just because.
Uh, don't even.
What? We can't
have a "just because"?
Sure. In private,
but massive suck-face embraces
are better left for bedrooms
and private sunsets.
No offense.
- None taken.
Hey, guys.
Jack, I was just wondering,
when do you think
we can get started on the set
for the pageant scene?
This weekend, if you want.
Ok, great. I'll schedule
the shoot for the weekend after.
[BELL RINGS]
Well, I hate to be the stickler,
but we are late
for an hour of hell.
Yeah. You got your poem,
stickler?
Of course!
I gotta go with those guys.
- Ok. Bye.
- Bye.
So...
That was nice.
What was nice?
You and Jack
actually conversing.
It was a surprise.
Some people are capable
of moving beyond their
petty longtime rivalries
to a higher ground.
Yeah, right.
If Jack wasn't doing
your movie, Dawson,
he'd still be the enemy.
Not true.
You are so Hollywood.
Across the crowded green,
he spots her.
Stealthily, the lion
crosses and settles in
beside his prey:
the helpless llama.
Hey, Ty.
Well, as far as I know,
there have been
three phone messages to you
in this last week.
Adorable phone messages
with my number included.
So I was just wondering
why you haven't
returned any of them.
You're on my
to-call list, Ty.
Just working my way around.
You know,
not to toot my own horn,
but I could swear you
were into me that night
that we went out.
Not to toot your
own horn or anything.
It was the party, wasn't it?
All that Bible-speak,
it freaked you out.
Honestly? Yeah, it did.
Jen, that's not all
that I am, all right?
For your information,
I'm not some Bible-banging
dorkus mcforkus here.
Ok, I'm sure
that you're not, Ty. It's just--
Uh, ok,
obviously your religion
is something that's
very important to you.
I just see it as
an inevitable obstacle
in our relationship.
Don't you think
that we should go out
on our first date
before you map out
our entire future?
Ty, you're sweet.
And you're funny.
But you go to
these bible meetings
three times a week,
and that's probably
how many times
I've been to church
in the past ten years,
so hopefully you
can understand why that
would present a problem
with us being anything
more than just friends,
all right?
See? That just goes to show
how little you know me.
See? I'm not funny at all.
Look, I'm not giving up.
Now, that's a shame.
You know, I thought most women
admired persistence.
Well, that just goes to show
how little you know about me.
I'm not most women.
Mr. Witter,
empty-handed, I presume?
No. It was in here.
I mean, I had it at the locker.
I just-- I must've...
left it right here in my binder.
"Ode to the sports car."
Yeah. Trust me.
They're more exciting
than Grecian urns.
Experimenting
with cursive for the
first time, Mr. Witter?
Listen, I worked hard on that.
I'm sure.
However, you
neglected penmanship,
and presentation
is half the grade,
so, as I see it,
you have two choices:
you can bring
the poem in tomorrow,
written legibly
and lose points
for handing it in late,
or you can hand it in as it is,
and the highest grade you'll see
will be your old friend,
the letter "D".
- That's not fair.
- Fairness is overrated.
Is it just me, or does that man
get meaner every day?
It's not just you.
Excuse me, Mr. McPhee?
Uh, nothing.
I trust that your poetry
assignment went well,
Mr. McPhee.
We're all aware
of how critical it is
to your deficient grade
in this class.
- Sure. Yeah. It, um, went fine.
- Good!
Then perhaps you would
like to read your poem
for the class.
Um, you said that these poems
were just for you.
I changed my mind.
These things happen.
- Please, read us your poem.
- I'd really rather not.
Mr. McPhee,
what you would rather do
is of no importance to me.
If it's ok with you,
can I just hand it in?
- Read the poem.
- Please. I don't--
We're waiting.
Um...
"Today.
"Today was a day
the world got smaller,
"Darker...
"I grew more afraid.
Not of what I am,
but of what I..."
Continue.
Uh...
"I grew more afraid...
"Not of what I am,
but what I--
"What I could be,
"I loosen my collar
to take a breath,
"My eyes fade...
And I see..."
"I see him...
[VOICE STARTS TO CRACK]
The image of perfection."
His frame strong,
his lips smooth..."
"I keep thinking,
what am I so scared of?
"And I wish I
could escape the pain,
"But these thoughts,
they invade my head,
"Bound to my memory...
They're like shackles
of guilt."
[WHIMPERING]
"God, please set me free."
Excuse me.
MR. PETERSON:
What are you doing?
I'm gonna go see
if he's all right.
You'll do nothing of the kind.
Sit down.
- He was crying--
- I said sit down!
Everyone,
open your books, please,
to page 57, stanza 2.
What are you doing?
- Nothing.
- What?
I'm just trying to
get a peek at your
secret online handle.
What is it? Juicy Joan?
Perky Potter?
What's yours--
Spielberg Stud?
- No.
- BOY: Then he starts to cry.
SECOND BOY: No way.
No. I heard it from,
like, half the class.
He's reading this poem,
and he is just crying.
[LAUGHING]
Wait. Who was this?
Jack McPhee, the new kid.
Peterson makes him
read his poem in class.
He starts crying.
FIRST BOY: No kidding?
SECOND BOY:
Here's the best part...
The poem, it's about a guy.
McPhee's a total homo.
Ha! Total.
Like, no doubt.
- Enjoy.
- Thank you.
Thank you.
- Hi, Dawson.
- Hey.
- Joey, hey, you got a second?
- Sure.
Um...
Have you talked to Jack yet?
Oh, we haven't really
talked about it yet. No.
He's still pretty upset
about it.
Yeah, I can imagine.
Rumor mill's working overtime
on this one.
I've heard about the incident
twice more.
You've heard about it?
I've heard everything
from Jack is seen
regularly wearing dresses
down Main Street
to he's checked
into a monastery to deal
with his sexual ambivalence.
You're being pretty flip
about this.
Well, why not, Dawson?
I mean, it's all a big joke.
Is it?
- What are you insinuating?
- I'm not insinuating anything.
I'm-- I'm just--
I'm concerned about you.
What are you
trying to do, Dawson,
give validity to
some ridiculous rumor
that Jack's gay?
- No. Joey, I never said that.
- You pretty much did.
All I'm trying to do is find out
what's going on.
I would hope that
you know me well enough
to know that my concern
is genuine.
There's no need to be
so defensive about this.
I'm not being defensive,
Dawson.
Why don't we just say
what this conversation
is really about?
Your passive aggressive way
of highlighting some flaw
in Jack
that would get us to break up.
That's way over the line.
No, it's not.
From where I'm standing,
I think
it's perfectly in bounds.
"So in 1936,
the Stalin constitution
was adopted.
"Communists
everywhere boasted
that the Soviet Union
was now the most
democratic country
in the world."
I'm gonna go down
to the ice house
and help them close up.
I'll see ya later.
Later, Jack.
[DOOR SHUTS]
- Boy, you were a bit frosty.
- Pardon?
To Jack.
The guy's had a hard day,
and you've hardly said
two words to him all afternoon.
[EXHALES SHARPLY]
Well, I don't understand
why he had to write
that poem to begin with.
I mean, if he hadn't
written something
that could have been so easily
misinterpreted, then--
What? If he had
censored himself?
Don't twist my words.
Ok, look. I know Jack
better than you do, Pacey.
And ever since we were kids,
he's had this whole different
drummer thing going on,
and not everybody gets it.
He should have known better
than to expose himself
to someone as venomous
as Peterson. That's all.
Andie, I may be wrong here, but
I don't think guest starring in
his own public humiliation
was Jack's intention.
There's something deeper
going on there.
Like?
Like maybe you
should talk to him.
About what?
Well, for starters,
about the poem.
-Maybe it wasn't misinterpreted.
- I'm--- No. No.
Jack is not gay.
He's talked about girls
his entire life.
He's crazy about Joey.
He hates Madonna. He's not gay.
- Have you ever asked him?
- No... And I don't need to.
Ok, well,
hypothetically speaking,
if Jack were gay...
How would that make you feel?
- I guess I'd be disappointed.
- Disappointed? Jeez, Andie.
[HUFFS LOUDLY ANNOYED]
You asked me how I'd feel.
I don't need this, ok?
I don't need to be attacked
over some hypothetical feeling
about a hypothetical situation
that is completely
and totally unfathomable.
Well, for his sake,
I hope you're right.
[SIGHS]
[PHONE RINGING]
JEN: Hello?
TY: What if I didn't ask you out
on a date, per se?
Then you wouldn't
have to worry about
our inevitable breakup
due to ideological
difficulties,
and you could still
go out with me,
non-Bible-related,
though, I promise.
Sorry, Ty.
Aw, Jen, have
a little faith in me.
Maybe underneath
this Sunday school veneer
lies a partying maniac.
I doubt it. I'm hanging up.
[PHONE RINGS]
TY: I told you I was persistent.
You know, "persistent"
isn't exactly the word
that comes to mind
right now.
Come on, Jen.
I'll pick you up at 9:00.
No.
[PHONE RINGS]
Nine forty five going once,
going twice...
You really are persistent.
Hey, come on, Jen.
Just a couple of hours.
Be here at 10:00.
Hey, Jo. Did you get the
cleaning supplies
for the kitchen?
- Got them right here.
- Great.
Uh, here. I can--
Let me take that in the back.
He has been quiet
as a church mouse all night.
- What happened?
- You don't even want to know.
Poor guy. He looks like
he lost his best friend.
- Go talk to him.
- Yeah, but he doesn't want to.
I mean, how do you talk to
somebody about something
that they've made
perfectly clear
they don't want to talk about?
Well, I always start
with, "Long day, huh?"
That opens the conversation up.
Well, I'm all through here.
If you could lock up,
that'd be great. see ya!
Ok.
- Long day, huh?
- If you wanna ask me something,
I suggest you just ask it.
Look, I'm sorry, Jack.
It's just, you know,
people are already
saying things.
Since when do you care
what people are saying?
That's not like you.
Well, maybe it's because
you still haven't offered me
any kind of explanation
for what you wrote.
I don't have to.
You're right. You don't.
Um... It's just that, you know,
being the one
that you are dating,
it'd be nice to know if there
was a particular reason
why you did write
a poem about a guy.
I mean, a poem that obviously
has some degree of importance
in your life,
considering it did make you cry
in front of a room
full of people.
All right, look, um...
I sat down last night
before I went to bed,
and for a half an hour,
I wrote what I was feeling.
And one of the images
that came into my head--
it was masculine.
Nothing sexual about it, ok?
It could have been me.
It could have been the image
of my brother.
I don't know, Joey,
but I do know that
there was nothing gay
about that poem.
And as for the crying,
I don't know.
It hit a weird nerve
when I started reading it.
It just unleashed
some of the stuff
that I've been dealing with
with my family
and my brother's death...
It's the only explanation
that I have, and if it's
not good enough for you,
then you can just believe
what everybody else is saying.
Look, Jack...
I don't believe them.
I hope not.
Because I adore you,
Joey, and I assure you,
if I was to ever
to write a love poem,
it'd be about you.
Nobody else.
TY: I think you're really
gonna like this place.
JEN: If I'd known we
were going to a club,
I'd have brought my fake ID.
- TY: Sherry.
- SHERRY: Hey.
Good evening.
So are you singing tonight?
Yeah. I'm up next. Any requests?
Yeah. Um... Something romantic.
And two martinis.
You got it, Ty.
Thanks.
Have a seat?
Hey, Dean-o, baby.
Isn't this a little bit
against the rules?
Whose rules?
Drinking, the whole
swinger lifestyle.
I mean, it's not exactly
Sunday school clean.
Sure, but...
Right now, we're
not in Sunday school.
♪ [MUSIC PLAYS] ♪
♪ Come rain or come shine ♪
♪ High as a mountain ♪
♪ And deep ♪
♪ As the river ♪
♪ Come rain or come shine ♪
♪ I guess ♪
♪ When you met me ♪
♪ It was just one ♪
♪ Of those things ♪
♪ But don't ever bet me ♪
Tonight on a very special
episode of Capeside High,
it's Jack's poem.
Can you believe this?
It's ridiculous.
Why? Why would they do this?
MR. PETERSON: Mr. McPhee?
Yes?
Would you care
to continue reading
your now very public
work of poetry?
- You can't be serious.
- I am.
You left us high and dry.
If you want a completed grade,
then you have to complete
reading the poem.
- It's that simple.
- Why are you doing this to me?
Because he can.
Mr. Witter, I recommend
you sit down.
- No.
- I said, sit down!
You want somebody
to read the poem, I'll read it.
"Today."
Ahem.
"Today was a day the world
got smaller, darker,
"I grew more afraid,
Not of what I am,
but of what I could be--"
Stop this instant. I said, stop!
You will listen to me
when I talk to you, young man!
Why should I?
Oh, that's it.
I am writing you a pass.
You can report immediately
to Principal Markey's office.
What part of you
is it that gets off on
torturing your students?
Everybody else in this classroom
may be afraid of you,
but I'm not!
I see your miserable
scare tactics for
exactly what they are,
the misguided lashings
of a bitter, lonely old man
who only feels good
when somebody else in
the class feels worse.
Thank you, for the analysis,
Mr. Witter.
I'll send a check along
with the "F" you'll get
on your report card.
You can't fail me.
I've gotten a "B" or better
on every test in this class!
Hell I can't. I've been waiting
to fail you all quarter.
You disgust me.
And you, Mr. Witter,
are a failure,
destined to always
be a failure.
Trying to teach people like you
is like spitting in
the face of the entire
educational system!
No, sir.
That  is spitting in the face
of the entire
educational system.
[DOOR SLAMS]
- I won't apologize.
- Yes, you will, Pacey.
- No, I won't.
- What did I tell you?
The child's an insubordinate
little waste.
Ray, you're hardly
innocent here.
- And what does that mean?
- You made a student cry.
Another student had
an excessive reaction.
You call a student spitting
in a teacher's face excessive?
That's the understatement
of the year.
PRINCIPAL MARKEY:
I suggest we reconvene tomorrow.
Mr. Witter,
hopefully by that time,
you will have been capable of
conjuring up an apology.
If not, I will have no choice
but to put you on suspension.
[DOORS OPEN]
PACEY: Hey, Jack.
Listen, man, you didn't
have to come down here.
I mean, I appreciate it, but--
I didn't.
Milo wants to talk to me.
I can only imagine what about.
Yeah. They wanted me
to apologize in there.
I told them
to go screw themselves.
That was stupid.
Whose side are you
on here, anyway?
My own, all right?
I can handle my own battles.
I didn't need you
to make a spectacle
of this whole thing.
Stop right there, Jack.
I thought I was helping you out.
Yeah? Well, you weren't.
I didn't need a hero.
I recognize it's
an addiction of yours,
but this is one instance
where you should have
just kept your nose out of it.
Well, we weren't selling roses.
Cupcake?
- Thank you.
- Mm. So, full report.
Tell me, was I
not fun last night?
[CHUCKLING]
- What's so funny?
- You. This.
- What?
- The alternate identities.
Ah, you mean student by day,
rat packer by night?
Some people would call it
the height of hypocrisy.
That's not hypocritical at all.
To me, it's, uh...
Well, it's something to go
to church about on Sunday.
Listen, my religion
doesn't assume
that I'm a perfect
individual, Jen.
In fact,
it expects that I'm not.
I see, so it's a party-now,
confess-later sort of thing?
You want to do it again?
Come on.
Your Grams likes me.
My Grams likes what
she knows about you,
which, apparently,
isn't all that much.
And you plan on
keeping it that way.
That's a thought.
- So what are you gonna do?
- What do you mean?
Well, about Peterson?
you're gonna apologize, right?
No. I'm gonna
take the suspension.
What?
Why would you do that?
Because, after
what that man did,
I'm not gonna
apologize to him.
He doesn't deserve it.
No. It doesn't matter
what he did, Pacey.
- You spit in his face.
- I was there, thank you.
Dawson?
- You, too, huh?
- Pacey, this is serious.
You think I don't know that?
All we're saying is
make sure you're aware
of the consequences.
I am aware of
the consequences, all right?
These are pamphlets Milo
coincidentally happened
to have on his desk.
You ever feel like
you're trapped in one
of those lifetime movies?
"Gay and ok."
"What's your sexuality.
Am I gay?"
God, it sounds
like one bad game show.
What about your grade point?
You still care
about that, don't you?
It's not gonna survive
a suspension, Pacey.
It'll destroy all the hard work
you've done,
and you'll be right back
at square one.
- An academic loser.
- That's not what I said.
But it's what you felt.
Andie, everything
that I've worked for,
what you have helped me
to become
is somebody
who believes in himself
and in his instincts,
and every single one
of my instincts tells me
that what that man did
in that classroom is wrong.
It's just wrong.
Oh, my God.
I'm gonna need your help
with this, Joey.
I have a feeling
it's gonna get a lot worse
before it gets better.
- I'm here.
- Thanks.
- Kiss me.
- Why?
Just because.
Thanks for cleaning up.
Dialogue.
That would mean you're talking
to me again, correct?
Um, I've been really unfair
the past few days.
Well, it's ok. I
knew you'd come around.
Do you have to be
so immensely forgiving?
I mean, don't you have
an ounce of meanness
anywhere in your body?
At the very least it would
make our sibling squabbles
more interesting.
Well, I don't need them
to be more interesting.
I win them as they are.
It's just, um...
It's been really hard.
For both of us.
Yeah, but, you're better suited
for this sort of thing.
Yeah, but no one's suited
for public ridicule, Andie.
You just deal with it.
I don't.
When I first heard
what happened to you in class,
my, um, initial reaction...
Was resentment.
[CLEARS THROAT]
Of all the possibilities,
you know,
I didn't even
feel sorry for you.
I just-- I thought,
"Oh, great, thanks.
You know,
"just when things seemed
to be slowing down
in my life,
and now I have to
deal with this."
And as much as I love you, Jack,
it's just...
Everything that has happened
to us in our lives
has made me so afraid,
and I just didn't
think that anybody
could understand that,
especially you.
I mean, you're so strong
and independent,
and then...
And then...
I read this.
It's, um, your poem.
I kept one of the ones
that I tore down.
It's a really beautiful
poem, Jack.
And I don't know if it means
that you're gay or not,
and, you know what,
I really don't care.
But I'll tell you
what I do know.
The person who wrote
this poem...
He's just as scared
as I am...
Jack, you're terrified,
and I'm your sister,
and I had no idea.
And I just want you
to know that...
I'm here for you
and that I love you...
And you're not alone.
Thank you.
- Dawson, can I come in?
- Oh! Um... Yeah.
Sorry. I didn't mean
to surprise you. It's just--
it's been a highly
irregular few days,
and climbing this ladder
is the surest form of
normalcy that I know,
and also I just wanted to say
I'm sorry about yesterday.
- That's ok. I understand.
- Wow! This is amazing.
- This is the whole town.
- It's incredible, isn't it.
Jack built it just for the film.
Ok. um...
Dawson,
I need your advice,
and I know
because of the situation
it may be hard for you
to dispense it, but...
- I really need it.
- Anything. Talk to me.
Well, um, I'm thinking
that maybe...
Maybe you were right
about, um,
Jack and the poem.
That he meant to write it.
Well, he says he didn't,
and...
You know, he has a thousand
reasonable excuses
that all make sense.
It's just...
They don't make sense.
I just keep wishing that
I had done what you told me.
If I just would've
asked him if--
- If he was gay, um...
- Then why don't you?
If I do that, then he'll know
that I've considered it,
and if he knows that
I've considered it,
then it'll always be there
that I've considered it, and...
It's the elephant-in-the-room
syndrome--
the obvious but unspoken
topic,
the thing that's always lurking
but never brought up.
[SIGHS]
Of course, in your case
it's a gay elephant.
- You know, this isn't funny.
- Even so, I had to say that.
You have to ask him.
You know, I mean, look...
It is one thing I've learned
about relationships
in the past year,
it's that they begin
and end with honesty.
If you want to save
what you have with Jack,
and you believe that it's worth
saving, you gotta be honest.
- You know?
- Yes.
So, um...
So, go...
Go hunt an elephant.
Right. Thanks.
Thank you.
Yeah.
[CLASS BELL RINGS]
Oh, look at that guy.
Tell me that is not somebody
who has it out for me.
If he didn't before,
he sure does now.
[SIGHS] You know,
maybe I should just do it.
Just apologize.
You don't think what I did
is right, do you?
I can't judge. I wasn't there.
But would you have
done it yourself?
No.
And if I go in there
and I can't apologize...
Would you be ashamed of me?
In my lifetime, Pacey,
I will never be ashamed of you.
Pacey. We're ready for you.
[CLEARING THROAT]
Mr. Witter, I trust
you have had ample time
to put into proper perspective
the events of yesterday morning?
I have, yeah.
Well, then, the ball's
in your court.
We're all ears.
I should start by saying
that I'm more ashamed
by what I did in that
classroom yesterday
than of anything I've ever done
in my entire life.
It was flat wrong,
and I have no case here,
and I'm sorry...
For the event.
But I am not now,
nor will I ever be
apologetic for its intention.
Every day, we, the students
of Capeside, come to a place
where you guys are in charge.
You tell us when to arrive
and when to leave and when
to move rooms and when to eat.
You tell us when we're doing
well and when we need
to be doing better,
and we never, ever question it.
Because we're afraid to.
Because to question it
is to go against the belief
that the entire system
is built upon:
the belief that you guys
know what's right.
And I am not afraid to tell you
that what happened
in that classroom
yesterday was not right.
To make a student cry,
to embarrass him,
to strip him of his dignity
in front of his classmates
is not right.
And while I respect this system,
I do not respect men like you,
Mr. Peterson. I don't.
I can't, and I never will.
Not after what you did.
You have a good afternoon.
How'd it go?
As well as could be
imagined.
They suspended me
for a week.
Why'd you bother
coming down here?
Because I care about you.
- Do you?
- What kind of question is that?
It's a reasonable one, Andie.
Do you have any idea
what I went through today?
How much I needed
your support?
Pacey, I can't support
everything you do. I never will.
I don't want you to agree
with every decision I ever make.
The world would be
a boring place if you did,
but what I am asking for
is to know that some way,
somehow,
you're there for me.
How dare you?
I challenge one action of yours,
and you throw it in my face
like it's some sort of weakness?
It's not just me.
You weren't there
for your brother Jack, either.
Oh, yes, I was.
I apologized to him,
and I came to apologize
to you, too,
but for some reason
I was struggling with it
all the way down here.
That reason has suddenly
become crystal clear.
Jack is innocent, Pacey.
What's happening to him
right now he has no control
over, but you--
you knew what you were
doing in that classroom.
What would you have me do,
just stand there
and let Peterson do that to him
- when I knew the whole time...
- There are other ways--
that it was my fault, Andie?
It was my fault!
Peterson knew that he couldn't
get the best of me,
so he went after your brother.
If I hadn't instigated him
that day...
None of this would've ever
happened.
That's why I had to stop it.
However I could, I just--I had
to stop it.
Why didn't you tell me
that you felt responsible?
Because, Andie...
You didn't want to
hear about it.
You just wanted me
to clean up the mess.
And there are some messes
you just have to live with.
I'm gonna go home now.
Do you want me to come with you?
No. Not tonight.
Hey, Jack.
Hey, where you been?
I've been covering both shifts.
- Are you gay?
- Excuse me?
Are you gay?
I mean, you don't have
to answer right away.
I just had to ask right away
because it's been
building up in me
and there's no easy way
for a girl to ask her boyfriend
if he's gay than to just ask.
I know you already told me
that the poem wasn't about a guy
but I feel like
when we discussed it,
we never really discussed it,
and I never really asked.
Feel free to answer
any minute now--
No. No. I'm not gay.
Ok. Uh...
You don't know
what a relief that is.
I mean, not that I care,
I would've dealt with it fine,
I promise. It's just...
Who wants to deal
with all the obvious and
not so obvious issues
of a girl who's dating a guy
who turns out to be gay?
And it's just so hard, and...
Hey. Feel better now?
You know, even though...
- Could you do me a favor?
- Yeah, what?
No more poems.
Just for a little while.
You got it.
No more poems.
- I'm not gay, Joey. Ok?
- Yeah.
♪ [MUSIC PLAYS] ♪